The bourgeoisie cannot exist without constantly revolutionising the instruments of production and thereby the relations
of production and with them the whole relations of society.
Conservation of the old modes of production in unaltered form was on the contrary the
first condition of existence for all earlier industrial classes.
Constant revolutionising of production uninterrupted disturbance of all social conditions everlasting uncertainty and agitation distinguish
the bourgeois epoch from all earlier ones.
All fixed fast-frozen relations with their train of ancient and venerable prejudices and opinions are
swept away all new-formed ones become antiquated before they can ossify.
All that is solid melts into air all that is holy is profaned and man
is at last compelled to face with sober senses his real conditions of life and
his relations with his kind.
NOTE end of file